update README (#1)
tud-cor/coppeliasim_ros_services: README.md

# coppeliasim_ros_services

> ROS-wrappers of the [coppeliasim APIs][]. A collection of rosservices-servers/publishers implemented based on the [coppeliasim APIs][]. These service-servers/publisher use of the msgs/srvs files defined in the [coppeliasim_msgs_srvs][] package. This package enables ros to control the simulation inside coppeliasim (e.g. start/stop the simulation, loading/unloading scenes/modules, ... etc), and it allows coppelisaim to publish important information about the simulation state (e.g. clock, simulation_state, time_step, simulation_time) on a ros-topic. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A collection of ROS services and publishers wrapping the [CoppeliaSim APIs][]. These services and publishers use the `.msg`s and `.srv`s files defined in the [coppeliasim_msgs_srvs][] package. This package enables ROS to control the simulation inside CoppeliaSim (e.g. start/stop the simulation, loading/unloading scenes/modules, ... etc), and it allows CoppeliaSim to publish important information about the simulation (e.g. clock, simulation_state, time_step, simulation_time) on ROS topics.
```

### Dependencies
- [coppeliasim_msgs_srvs][]: contains the header files of the msgs/srvs used in this package.

### Building 

> The following instructions assume that a catkin workspace has been created at `$HOME/catkin_ws` and Coppeliasim directory is placed at the Home directory `$HOME/CoppeliaSim`. you always can update the paths based on your machine setup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following instructions assume that a Catkin workspace has been created at `$HOME/catkin_ws` and a CoppeliaSim directory is located in the directory `$HOME/CoppeliaSim`. You always can update the paths based on your machine setup.
```

```bash
# change to the src directory in your Catkin workspace
cd $HOME/catkin_ws/src

# Clone coppeliasim_msgs_srvs pkg 

> git clone https://github.com/mahmoud-a-ali/coppeliasim_ros_services

Reviewer: ```suggestion
git clone https://github.com/tud-cor/coppeliasim_ros_services
```

> # change to the main Catkin workspace

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# change to the root of the workspace
```

cd ..

# build the workspace (using catkin_tools)
 catkin build
 
# After building, you can check if the plugin 'libsimExtRosServices.so' was successfuly created by listing the content of the devel/lib

> ls devel/lib/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ls devel/lib | grep libsimExtRosServices.so
```

```

### Running

> The generated plugin should be loaded while starting coppeliasim, this can be done by copying the plugin 'libsimExtRosServices.so' to the main directory of Coppeliasim `$HOME/CoppeliaSim`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The generated plugin should be loaded while starting CoppeliaSim, this can be done by copying the file `libsimExtRosServices.so` to the main directory of CoppeliaSim (ie: `$HOME/CoppeliaSim`):
```

```
# Copy the generated plugin to CoppeliaSim directory
cp  $HOME/catkin_ws/devel/lib/libsimExtRosServices.so  $HOME/CoppeliaSim/
```

> In a new terminal start a ros master before you start CoppelliaSim:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In a new terminal start a ROS Master before you start CoppelliaSim:
```

```
roscore
```

> In a nother terminal run CoppeliaSim:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In another terminal run CoppeliaSim:
```

```

> # change to Coppeliasim dir 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# change to CoppeliaSim dir 
```

cd $HOME/CoppeliaSim

> # run Coppeliasim

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# run CoppeliaSim
```

./coppeliaSim.sh
```

> or you can launch coppeliasim using the [coppeliasim_run][] package:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or you can launch CoppeliaSim using the [coppeliasim_run][] package:
```

```
rosrun coppeliasim_run start_coppeliasim
```

> In the same terminal running Coppeliasim, you can see the following message indicating a successful loading of the `RosServices` plugin:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the same terminal running CoppeliaSim, you can see the following message indicating a successful load of the `RosServices` plugin:
```

```
Plugin 'RosServices': loading...
Plugin 'RosServices': load succeeded.
```

> In new terminal, you can check all the available services/topics publised by the plugin:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In a new terminal, you can check all the available services and topics offered and published by the plugin:
```

> - services: all service related to the plugin will have `/coppeliasim_ros_services/` as a prefix

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- services: all services offered by the plugin will have `/coppeliasim_ros_services/` as a prefix
```

```
rosservice list
```

> - topics: two main topics published by the plugin are `/clock` and `/info`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- topics: the two main topics published by the plugin are `/clock` and `/info`
```

```
rostopic list
```

### Usage

> The plugin publishes two topics (clock and info), and many services. Here is an example of how you can use some of these services:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The plugin publishes to two topics (`/clock` and `/info`), and offers many services. Here is an example of how you can use some of these services:
```

- starting the simulation
```

> # service_request is empty, service_response is an integer indicates successful operation 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# service_request is empty, service_response is an integer indicating successful operation 
```

 rosservice call /coppeliasim_ros_services/simRosStartSimulation
```

> - Loading a module: loading the [coppeliasim_ros_control][] module (file: libsimExtRosControl.so , name:RosControl)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Loading a module: loading the [coppeliasim_ros_control][] module (file: `libsimExtRosControl.so`, name: `RosControl`)
```

```
# service_request should conatins a path to module_file and module_name, service_response is an integer represents the pluginHandle  

> rosservice call /coppeliasim_ros_services/simRosLoadModule  " fileName: ''  pluginName: '' " 

Reviewer: Is this missing the values for the `fileName` and `pluginName` fields?

Author: yes. I modified it

```

> For more information about all the services, check the [coppeliasim APIs][] page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about all the services, check the [CoppeliaSim APIs][] page.
```

### Example

> Refer to [ur5_coppeliasim_roscontrol][] package on how you can use the `RosServices` plugin to control the simulation of a ur5_robot in coppeliasim.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to the [ur5_coppeliasim_roscontrol][] package to see how you can use the `RosServices` plugin to control the simulation of a UR5 robot in CoppeliaSim.
```

### video
[![IMAGE](video.png)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t0-VEyB9-0w&ab_channel=mahmoudali)

[coppeliasim_ros_control]: https://github.com/tud-cor/coppeliasim_ros_control
[coppeliasim_run]: https://github.com/mahmoud-a-ali/coppeliasim_run
[coppeliasim_msgs_srvs]: https://github.com/mahmoud-a-ali/coppeliasim_msgs_srvs 
[coppeliasim_ros_services]: https://github.com/mahmoud-a-ali/coppeliasim_ros_services

> [Coppeliasim_msgs_srvs]: https://github.com/mahmoud-a-ali/Coppeliasim_msgs_srvs

Reviewer: Please change these to point to `tud-cor` instead.

[vrep_plugin]: https://github.com/jocacace/vrep_plugin
[coppeliasim]: https://www.coppeliarobotics.com/
[ur5_coppeliasim_roscontrol]: https://github.com/tud-cor/ur5_coppeliasim_roscontrol
[simStartSimulation()]: https://www.coppeliarobotics.com/helpFiles/en/regularApi/simStartSimulation.htm

>  [simLoadScene()]: https://www.coppeliarobotics.com/helpFiles/en/regularApi/simLoadScene.htm

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[simLoadScene()]: https://www.coppeliarobotics.com/helpFiles/en/regularApi/simLoadScene.htm
```

> [coppeliasim APIs]: https://www.coppeliarobotics.com/helpFiles/en/apiFunctionListCategory.htm

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[CoppeliaSim APIs]: https://www.coppeliarobotics.com/helpFiles/en/apiFunctionListCategory.htm
```

[vrep_common]: https://github.com/jocacace/vrep_common

> [Jonathan Cacace]: http://wpage.unina.it/jonathan.cacace/

Reviewer: Is this link used in this file? If not: perhaps remove?
